updates to different articles chapter (#2409)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/pd-overview/pd-overview-methods.md

After you have decided how to collect your data, analyze it and which tools to use, a good way to document these decisions is by writing a Registered Report.

> A Registered Report highlights the importance of the research question and the methods that will be used. They are peer-reviewed before the research, switching the focus of the review from the results to the substance of the research methods. You can find out more about Registered Reports in our subchapter [here](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/communication/dif-articles/reg.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Registered Report highlights the importance of the research question and the methods that will be used. They are peer-reviewed before the research, switching the focus of the review from the results to the substance of the research methods. You can find out more in our {ref}`Chapter on Registered Reports<cm-dif-articles-registered-reports>`.
```
